𝑯𝒐𝒘 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕 𝑺𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝑾𝒐𝒓𝒌𝒔
𝟏. 𝑷𝒓𝒐𝒋𝒆𝒄𝒕 𝑺𝒕𝒓𝒖𝒄𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒆:
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕 𝑺𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝒊𝒔 𝒄𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒐𝒔𝒆𝒅 𝒐𝒇 𝒔𝒆𝒗𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒍 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔𝒆𝒔, 𝒆𝒂𝒄𝒉 𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒗𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒂 𝒅𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒄𝒕 𝒓𝒐𝒍𝒆 𝒊𝒏 𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚’𝒔 𝒐𝒑𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒔. 𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒎𝒂𝒊𝒏 𝒄𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒔 𝒊𝒏𝒄𝒍𝒖𝒅𝒆 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌, 𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓, 𝑴𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓, 𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏, 𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚, 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑺𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔𝒆𝒔.

𝟐. 𝑪𝒐𝒓𝒆 𝑪𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒔 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝑾𝒐𝒓𝒌𝒇𝒍𝒐𝒘:
𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕:

𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑬𝒂𝒄𝒉 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒊𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝒊𝒔 𝒓𝒆𝒑𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒅 𝒂𝒔 𝒂𝒏 𝒊𝒏𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝒐𝒇 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔.
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒅𝒔 𝒊𝒏𝒇𝒐𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝒔𝒖𝒄𝒉 𝒂𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒕𝒊𝒕𝒍𝒆, 𝒂𝒖𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒓, 𝑰𝑺𝑩𝑵, 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒊𝒔𝒔𝒖𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒕𝒖𝒔 (𝒘𝒉𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒆𝒓 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒊𝒔 𝒄𝒖𝒓𝒓𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒍𝒚 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘𝒆𝒅).
𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏 𝒊𝒔 𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒑𝒐𝒏𝒔𝒊𝒃𝒍𝒆 𝒇𝒐𝒓 𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒊𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒐𝒓𝒚. 𝑻𝒉𝒆𝒚 𝒄𝒂𝒏 𝒂𝒅𝒅 𝒏𝒆𝒘 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒕𝒐 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆 𝒆𝒙𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒇𝒓𝒐𝒎 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒊𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒐𝒓𝒚.
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒂𝒅𝒅𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅 𝒂𝒅𝒅𝒔 𝒂 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒐𝒃𝒋𝒆𝒄𝒕 𝒕𝒐 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚'𝒔 𝒄𝒐𝒍𝒍𝒆𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏, 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆𝒔 𝒊𝒕.
𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕:

𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 (𝑨𝒃𝒔𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒄𝒕):
𝑻𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒗𝒆𝒔 𝒂𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒂𝒔𝒆 𝒇𝒐𝒓 𝒂𝒍𝒍 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒔 𝒊𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒔𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎. 𝑰𝒕 𝒄𝒐𝒏𝒕𝒂𝒊𝒏𝒔 𝒃𝒂𝒔𝒊𝒄 𝒂𝒕𝒕𝒓𝒊𝒃𝒖𝒕𝒆𝒔 𝒍𝒊𝒌𝒆 𝒏𝒂𝒎𝒆 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓𝑰𝒅.
𝑴𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑰𝒏𝒉𝒆𝒓𝒊𝒕𝒔 𝒇𝒓𝒐𝒎 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒑𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒔 𝒂 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝒎𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓 𝒘𝒉𝒐 𝒄𝒂𝒏 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒏 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔.
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅 𝒂𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒘𝒔 𝒎𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓𝒔 𝒕𝒐 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔, 𝒘𝒉𝒊𝒍𝒆 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒓𝒆𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒏𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅 𝒍𝒆𝒕𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆𝒎 𝒓𝒆𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒏 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘𝒆𝒅 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔. 𝑻𝒉𝒆𝒔𝒆 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅𝒔 𝒂𝒍𝒔𝒐 𝒖𝒑𝒅𝒂𝒕𝒆 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌’𝒔 𝒊𝒔𝒔𝒖𝒂𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝒔𝒕𝒂𝒕𝒖𝒔.
𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑰𝒏𝒉𝒆𝒓𝒊𝒕𝒔 𝒇𝒓𝒐𝒎 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒉𝒂𝒏𝒅𝒍𝒆𝒔 𝒂𝒅𝒎𝒊𝒏𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒗𝒆 𝒕𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒔 𝒍𝒊𝒌𝒆 𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒊𝒏𝒗𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒐𝒓𝒚. 𝑻𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒉𝒂𝒔 𝒂𝒅𝒅𝒊𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒂𝒍 𝒎𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅𝒔 𝒇𝒐𝒓 𝒍𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒂𝒍𝒍 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒊𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚.
𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕:

𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑻𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒎𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒄𝒐𝒍𝒍𝒆𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒔 𝒐𝒇 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒔. 𝑰𝒕 𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒅𝒔 𝒍𝒊𝒔𝒕𝒔 𝒐𝒇 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝑼𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝒐𝒃𝒋𝒆𝒄𝒕𝒔.
𝑴𝒆𝒕𝒉𝒐𝒅𝒔 𝒊𝒏𝒄𝒍𝒖𝒅𝒆 𝒂𝒅𝒅𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 (𝒂𝒅𝒅𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌), 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝒇𝒊𝒏𝒅𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒐𝒓 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓𝒔 𝒃𝒂𝒔𝒆𝒅 𝒐𝒏 𝒔𝒑𝒆𝒄𝒊𝒇𝒊𝒄 𝒄𝒓𝒊𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒊𝒂, 𝒔𝒖𝒄𝒉 𝒂𝒔 𝒕𝒊𝒕𝒍𝒆 𝒐𝒓 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝑰𝑫.
𝑺𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝑰𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏:

𝑳𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚𝑴𝒂𝒏𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑺𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝑪𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔:
𝑻𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒊𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒎𝒂𝒊𝒏 𝒄𝒍𝒂𝒔𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒂𝒕 𝒓𝒖𝒏𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒂𝒑𝒑𝒍𝒊𝒄𝒂𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏. 𝑰𝒕 𝒄𝒐𝒏𝒕𝒂𝒊𝒏𝒔 𝒂 𝒍𝒐𝒐𝒑 𝒕𝒉𝒂𝒕 𝒑𝒓𝒆𝒔𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝒘𝒊𝒕𝒉 𝒂 𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒖 𝒐𝒇 𝒐𝒑𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏𝒔:
𝑨𝒅𝒅 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌: 𝑷𝒓𝒐𝒎𝒑𝒕𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏 𝒕𝒐 𝒆𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓 𝒅𝒆𝒕𝒂𝒊𝒍𝒔 𝒇𝒐𝒓 𝒂 𝒏𝒆𝒘 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌, 𝒘𝒉𝒊𝒄𝒉 𝒊𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆𝒏 𝒂𝒅𝒅𝒆𝒅 𝒕𝒐 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚.
𝑹𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌: 𝑨𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒘𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒊𝒂𝒏 𝒕𝒐 𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒐𝒗𝒆 𝒂 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒃𝒚 𝒕𝒊𝒕𝒍𝒆.
𝑳𝒊𝒔𝒕 𝑨𝒍𝒍 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔: 𝑫𝒊𝒔𝒑𝒍𝒂𝒚𝒔 𝒂 𝒍𝒊𝒔𝒕 𝒐𝒇 𝒂𝒍𝒍 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌𝒔 𝒊𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒍𝒊𝒃𝒓𝒂𝒓𝒚’𝒔 𝒄𝒐𝒍𝒍𝒆𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏.
𝑩𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌: 𝑳𝒆𝒕𝒔 𝒂 𝒎𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘 𝒂 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌 𝒊𝒇 𝒊𝒕’𝒔 𝒂𝒗𝒂𝒊𝒍𝒂𝒃𝒍𝒆.
𝑹𝒆𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒏 𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒌: 𝑨𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒘𝒔 𝒂 𝒎𝒆𝒎𝒃𝒆𝒓 𝒕𝒐 𝒓𝒆𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒏 𝒂 𝒃𝒐𝒓𝒓𝒐𝒘𝒆𝒅 𝒃𝒐𝒐𝒌.
𝑬𝒙𝒊𝒕: 𝑬𝒏𝒅𝒔 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝒑𝒓𝒐𝒈𝒓𝒂𝒎.
𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝒔𝒚𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒎 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒔 𝑺𝒄𝒂𝒏𝒏𝒆𝒓 𝒕𝒐 𝒓𝒆𝒂𝒅 𝒖𝒔𝒆𝒓 𝒊𝒏𝒑𝒖𝒕, 𝒂𝒍𝒍𝒐𝒘𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒊𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒂𝒄𝒕𝒊𝒐𝒏 𝒕𝒉𝒓𝒐𝒖𝒈𝒉 𝒂 𝒄𝒐𝒏𝒔𝒐𝒍𝒆-𝒃𝒂𝒔𝒆𝒅 𝒊𝒏𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒇𝒂𝒄𝒆.
